[pkg/telemetryquerylanguage] add replace_key_all_patterns function (#12991)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: pkg/telemetryquerylanguage/functions/tqlotel/README.md

- [TraceID](#traceid)

Functions
- [OpenTelemetry Functions](#opentelemetry-functions)
  - [SpanID](#spanid)
  - [TraceID](#traceid)
  - [delete_key](#delete_key)
  - [delete_matching_keys](#delete_matching_keys)
  - [keep_keys](#keep_keys)
  - [truncate_all](#truncate_all)
  - [limit](#limit)
  - [replace_all_matches](#replace_all_matches)

>   - [replace_all_patterns](#replace_all_patterns)

Reviewer: We shouldn't need to change this list since we didnt add or remove any functions

Author: Done

- [TraceID](#traceid)

Functions

> - [OpenTelemetry Functions](#opentelemetry-functions)
> - [SpanID](#spanid)
> - [TraceID](#traceid)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## replace_all_patterns

`replace_all_patterns(target, mode, regex, replacement)`

The `replace_all_patterns` function replaces any segments in a string value or key that match the regex pattern with the replacement string.

> `mode` determines whether try to match regex with string value or key. For mode `key`, the processor matches regex with key; for mode `value`, the processor matches regex with value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mode` determines whether the match and replace will occur on the map's value or key. Valid values are `key` and `value`.
```

Can you also move this entry after line entry for target, regex, and replacement (after line 142)?
